you know it and by the way thank you
very much for being here tonight I we
have great audiences night in and night
out but tonight especially it means a
lot to me tonight you people are more to
me honestly more than an audience
tonight
like we're flipping bitches don't listen
when you broke down cheap so i'll never
pay attention head giving poof gone
missing super star lifestyle she can be
addicted like why you did see what you
niggas hating fun but then the same
niggas from rowlett the show sky like
but never know where to go either ha
squirt
like something
you got to be 21
I hope we don't count but i'm a gamble
nigga
is rocketing i'm on my way to check them
out
party time be ready one
we like
bleep it bitches don't listen when you
bro cheap shot never pay the fuckin
Dave's hitting the slops already click
that bring back he'll mess we gotta hit
the jackpot
what I should happen shit nice work hard
to feel she wanna go go
go
okay I mean what is this Atlantic City
atlantic station will be trying to frog
sometimes you have to do but when they
get real hopefully I'll got caramel
dinners always built gonna get real
musics pigeon fucking fast
look at here
get a snap chicken Atlanta dirty life
Diana hi Candis
I'm in New Jersey what would eat this
util father but it's got what man
so I
big like a politician's music man
because it means turn to the other day
when you're gone fuck teen and she my
guilty pleasure cold all you niggas get
your bill cosby sweater a worker off so
i'm trying not the sweater i'm on the
boat in my Louie with time jazz bus my
team rolling cigars like we did one at
all I'm trying to soak it on land so say
to my blonde one